Kk wdac edits task 33881267 (#9744)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/select-types-of-rules-to-create.md

Windows Defender Application Control (WDAC) can control what runs on Windows 10 by setting policies that specify whether a driver or application is trusted. A policy includes *policy rules* that control options such as audit mode, and *file rules* (or *file rule levels*) that specify how applications are identified and trusted.

## Getting started with commdlets

> Some of the [SKUs](feature-availability.md) that support our PowerShell commandlets [(ConfigCI Module | Microsoft Docs)](powershell/module/configci) support but do not have the module installed on the box. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the [SKUs](feature-availability.md) that support our PowerShell commandlets [(ConfigCI Module)](powershell/module/configci/?view=windowsserver2019-ps) support but do not have the module installed on the box. 
```
